Hill Clinton said until you know about
this he said that he thinks you would
make a good president what did what did
you do what kind of conversation did you
have that led him to the well yeah we
had a chance to talk it was at an event
and we were talking and I'm just very
curious I wanted to know while he was
president what books did he read to
improve year after year how do you you
know how do you improve that skill and
he gave me a rundown of every book that
he read he sent me a book list and
everything and you know we had a great
conversation about what the pressures
that he faced and being a world leader
so maybe that's where it came from I
don't know and do you think you that's
something you would ever think about
going oh you wouldn't yeah look at my
reaction to my teammates on the screen
that was not political a no yeah no not
right I should have just said like
you're really excited it was a big win
and also stuff I can't do it this is not
in in the documentary but I have heard
that you were at one time friendly with
Michael Jackson yes when was this I was
18 years old
19 years old 20 years old and what did
that mean like what did that mean being
friends with Michael Jack well it you
know he really you know show me his
process and how he sold 50 million
albums off of thriller like he showed me
how he composed song was how he
structured them you know how he trained
who inspired him I've never even heard
of Fred Astaire until he actually showed
me and he he walked me step-by-step
through things that he learned from them
and how it made him a better entertainer
you know how you studied the Beatles how
you broke down every single note felt
like there was a certain emotional
connection with each chord it's just
fascinating stuff like I thought it was
working hard until I met him and I was
like yo dude huh you don't ever go to
the Neverland Ranch I did yes then what
was that like he's amazing he's a mate
for it was a long drive for me this is I
used to live in a palace aids and this
was like once a Santa Barbara would it
was way past that
you go out there by yourself I when I
did by myself I drove and ourselves
actually glowing gas when I got there I
was really concerned on the way back
home because I didn't see any gas
stations
oh no no don't worry we have a gas
station all proper that is all gas
station that's when you know you've made
it you have your gas station that's
crazy
it really is have your own gas station I
forget the movie theater forget you know
the zoo and all that stuff you have your
own gas station dude this documentary in
this day and age that's impressed is on
on Saturday night and I heard that
you're still you're still working on
we're still finishing the film because I
saw it so it's not finished you put
something off we're still finishing it
like it's it's such a personal film that
and uh you know we're all perfectionist
everybody that that's working on my
entire team so we want to make sure we
button it up completely the way it
should be
you're always you're always shooting
it's really what I don't listen I will
never stop shooting I never never stop
shooting yeah it's being that I moved
from shooting on the court shooting off
it
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you